{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 ParkinsonElectraPro-Rg;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Thomas White}}\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\hyphauto1\hyphfactor90
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Copyright (c) 31 May 2022, T. Christopher White (amenemsu@gmail.com), 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 with Reserved Font Names Dihjauti, Dihjauti E, Dihjauti S, and Dihjauti NS.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
\
This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 This license is copied below, and is also available with a FAQ at: 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 http://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
\
----------------------------------------------------------- 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 SIL OPEN FONT LICENSE Version 1.1 - 26 February 2007 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 ----------------------------------------------------------- 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
PREAMBLE 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 The goals of the Open Font License (OFL) are to stimulate worldwide 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 development of collaborative font projects, to support the font creation 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 efforts of academic and linguistic communities, and to provide a free and 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 open framework in which fonts may be shared and improved in partnership 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 with others. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
The OFL allows the licensed fonts to be used, studied, modified and 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 redistributed freely as long as they are not sold by themselves. The 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 fonts, including any derivative works, can be bundled, embedded, 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 redistributed and/or sold with any software provided that any reserved 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 names are not used by derivative works. The fonts and derivatives, 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 however, cannot be released under any other type of license. The 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 requirement for fonts to remain under this license does not apply 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 to any document created using the fonts or their derivatives. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
DEFINITIONS 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 "Font Software" refers to the set of files released by the Copyright 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 Holder(s) under this license and clearly marked as such. This may 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 include source files, build scripts and documentation. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
"Reserved Font Name" refers to any names specified as such after the 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 copyright statement(s). 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
"Original Version" refers to the collection of Font Software components as 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 distributed by the Copyright Holder(s). 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
"Modified Version" refers to any derivative made by adding to, deleting, 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 or substituting -- in part or in whole -- any of the components of the 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 Original Version, by changing formats or by porting the Font Software to a 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 new environment. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
"Author" refers to any designer, engineer, programmer, technical 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 writer or other person who contributed to the Font Software. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
PERMISSION & CONDITIONS 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 a copy of the Font Software, to use, study, copy, merge, embed, modify, 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 redistribute, and sell modified and unmodified copies of the Font 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 Software, subject to the following conditions: 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
1) Neither the Font Software nor any of its individual components, 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 in Original or Modified Versions, may be sold by itself. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
2) Original or Modified Versions of the Font Software may be bundled, 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 redistributed and/or sold with any software, provided that each copy 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 contains the above copyright notice and this license. These can be 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 included either as stand-alone text files, human-readable headers or 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 in the appropriate machine-readable metadata fields within text or 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 binary files as long as those fields can be easily viewed by the user. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
3) No Modified Version of the Font Software may use the Reserved Font 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 Name(s) unless explicit written permission is granted by the corresponding 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 Copyright Holder. This restriction only applies to the primary font name as 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 presented to the users. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
4) The name(s) of the Copyright Holder(s) or the Author(s) of the Font 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 Software shall not be used to promote, endorse or advertise any 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 Modified Version, except to acknowledge the contribution(s) of the 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 Copyright Holder(s) and the Author(s) or with their explicit written 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 permission. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
5) The Font Software, modified or unmodified, in part or in whole, 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 must be distributed entirely under this license, and must not be 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 distributed under any other license. The requirement for fonts to 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 remain under this license does not apply to any document created 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 using the Font Software. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
TERMINATION 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 This license becomes null and void if any of the above conditions are 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 not met. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 \
DISCLAIMER 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs20 OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE. 
\f1\fs24 \
}